## Awareness Committee Charter

### Purpose

The Awareness Committee exists to spread awareness of the Secret Network, convert cryptocurrency influencers, traders, and developers into advocates, and to recruit ecosystem contributors from a variety of backgrounds. 

We understand not everyone is an engineer: active community members run local events, design user experiences, write copy, help manage support requests, spread awareness on social media, and do so much more. The Awareness Committee offers a way for individuals to participate within the Secret Network ecosystem through various community and marketing initiatives, have a direct hand in the project’s success, and potentially earn points/rewards for their contributions to spreading awareness. 

“Token holders themselves are vital project contributors. If they believe in a project, they can make themselves heard. They can make memes and blog posts, codify narratives and spread them. They can discuss use cases and give meaningful feedback to developers. They can shill your tokens and expose nocoiners. In a literal sense, the value of a token project is backed by the size and robustness of its community of believers.”

“A decentralized brand is a meme. It belongs to no one, and can be remixed by anyone. A decentralized brand can only be "designed" in a very limited sense. It is something different than a Coca-Cola, an Uber, or a New York Times. Decentralized brands are self-enforcing, self-incentivized, contagious narratives that emerge and evolve in ways that are unexpected and irrepressible. A decentralized brand is a fiction made real, an egregore, a self-sovereign entity that lives through the imagination and belief of many. One does not simply decide what a decentralized brand "is." It is not something that can be created by focus groups, strategists, and identity designers. Like Bitcoin, a decentralized brand has its own autonomy, generated by the contributions of individual actors, a million person chorus acting as one.” (Headless Brands)

We look forward to having you join us!

### Membership

Committee Leadership: 

The Awareness Committee shall have the potential to have multiple committee leads that are committee members in good standing with the Secret Network community. Committee leads will coordinate education committee activities and strive to uphold the committee’s responsibilities. Committee leads are beholden to the community and can be removed from said position if not meeting KPIs or meeting the community’s standard. Membership includes a variety of commitments focused on progressing the ecosystem and the effectiveness of the awareness committee.

The Awareness Committee seeks members from diverse professional backgrounds with a broad spectrum of expertise that benefit the strategic guidance of the Secret Network’s awareness objectives and responsibilities. Committee members should have the characteristics essential for effectiveness as a member of the committee, and are expected to always:

* Display Integrity, objectivity, sound judgment and leadership
* Be exceptionally kind
* Be respectful 
* Have freedom of speech (but see rules 1, 2, and 3).
* Contribute discussion and votes that you, as an individual, genuinely think offer value and are to the benefit of the community.
* Offer criticism in the most constructive manner possible.
* If disagreeing with something always provide an alternative solution when possible
* Share space
* Try to be empathetic and allow everybody to get their voice in.
* Have an understanding of the Secret Network, blockchain operation, strategy and challenges
* Have the willingness and ability to devote adequate time and effort to committee responsibilities and to serve on the Awareness Committee 

### Authority and Responsibility

Authority:

The Awareness Committee Lead(s) are/is not to be looked at as an authoritative figure. The Awareness Committee Lead’s roles and responsibilities are simply to be a steward for the community and to be an organizing force behind Awareness initiatives. 

Awareness Committee Lead Responsibilities:

* Oversee the Secret Agents Program 
* Ensure effective onboarding 
* Direct Secret Agents to be contributing members of committees and Open Projects
* Track Secret Agent points and ranks
* Award Secret Agent Rewards
* Communicate frequently with Secret Agents 
* Engage Secret Agents in Awareness Initiatives

Coordinate and collaborate with the Education Committee to establish effective procedures for creating and disseminating all content created for the Secret Network
Maintain the Secret Runbook section of the Secret Calendar and Runbook
Create an overarching list of internal and external channels content tags, and target audiences.
Identify relevant internal and external channels, for each piece of content created.
Nominate responsible parties for various channels. These parties shall be those with an established presence in a channel whenever possible.
Hold committee members accountable for the dissemination of content to identified channels in the Secret Runbook.

Collect ideas to raise awareness from the community via telegram, discord, and forum and develop thoughts into actionable awareness initiatives. 
Explore specific awareness campaigns as identified by the community hereby identified as Secret Network Awareness Campaigns (SNACs) 
Maintain the SNAC proposal and approval process with the help of the Secret Foundation and other committee leads. 

Establish and oversee subcommittees as the need arises. 

Manage and empower local Secret Network communities
Provide educational materials and support for local meetups and events focused on the Secret Network
Manage requests and provide resources for local meetups and events focused on the Secret Network

Coordinate with the International Agents committee 

Work with the Analytics committee to track engagement and KPIs 

Maintain minutes of meetings and report to the Committee Leads call on significant matters arising at Awareness Committee meetings at the next scheduled meeting of the Committee Leads. The Awareness Lead will post a recap of the Awareness meeting to the Secret Forum each Monday. 

### KPIs

While Awareness is a nebulous term there are metrics that can be tracked across many different channels to measure the effectiveness of the Awareness Committee. At establishment of this Committee these KPIs will include:

# of Secret Network Twitter Followers
# of Secret Network SubReddit Subscribers
# of Secret Network Instagram Followers
# of Secret Network Discord Members
# of Secret Agents Recruited
# of Secret Agent Points Accumulated 
# of Runbook Campaigns Run
# of Distribution Channels Hit Weekly
# of SNACs Passed



### Meetings

The Awareness Committee will conduct business of the committee through an ongoing schedule of weekly conference calls and discord communications.

Awareness Committee meetings will be held on Monday of each week at 11:00 EST. This meeting time allows committee members to look at the week’s content ahead of time and establish a weekly plan. 

The Awareness Committee agenda shall loosely be structured as follows:
* Review of weekly KPI metrics
* Twitter Followers
* Reddit Subs
* Discord Members
* Secret Agents
* Secret Agent Points Accumulated
* Review of previous week’s content releases and performance
* Review of the Secret Calendar
* Assignment of responsible parties for dissemination
* Review of SNACs in process
* Open session for new SNACs or Awareness initiatives

The Committee shall bring to the Committee Leads for consideration those matters and decisions which the Awareness Committee judges to be of significance. The Awareness Committee shall additionally provide a written annual report to the Community on their key activities during the year. The written report will provide confirmation that the Committee has met all of its obligations under its Charter.

### Review, Amendment, and Modification of the Charter

The Awareness Committee recognizes that decentralized governance is a highly experimental and rapidly evolving structure. As such, the Awareness Committee shall review and reassess the adequacy of this Charter periodically as it deems appropriate. This Charter may be amended or modified by the Committee, subject to disclosure and on-chain voting via discussion in committee meetings and communicated on the Secret Network forums. 
